---
layout: post
title: firefox test pilot
date: 2016-05-09 13:53:51.000000000 +05:30
type: post
published: true
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta:
  _edit_last: '35285585'
  geo_public: '0'
  _publicize_job_id: '18425802412'
author: mozillatn
---
Let's get started with Firefox test pilot
We, at Mozilla Tamilnadu community bring amazing new initiatives each and every time. With these initiatives we feel that we are helping Mozilla to achieve its goals and also for the betterment of the web. 

This time we are going to share more information about Firefox test pilot. 

What is test pilot ?
Test Pilot is a series of stepping stones intended to take a rough concept to a shipping Firefox feature or Add-on.

Test Pilot combines iterative prototyping, user research, and an opt-in user-facing testing platform. Experiments will go through phases which are designed to evaluate new feature concepts quickly and at low cost.

What we are going to do ?
This initiative is to bring awareness about the test pilot add-ons and help other amazing Firefox users to get started with these essential and amazing tools and provide valuable feedback which in turn helps in the growth of Firefox. 

One main thing we are going to do is, sharing the features about these add-ons in our community blog which help everyone to learn more about it and it's features.

Who are our community members working on this ?

Team lead : Karthickeyan - Drafting plans and helping others to know about the Test pilot initiative. 
Social media : Makilan - connecting with contributors in twitter and Facebook to Share knowledge about this project.
Content team: Ashly, Varsheni, Soundarya - Drafting Contents for the blog explaining the features of the addons for helping users to understand about them.
Design team: Nirmal Gl, Bhuvana - Designing posters for each post and making users to install add-ons.

How to contribute ? 
Share this blog posts made by our contributors to your friends and family members so they can learn about these addons.
Organize an install fest in your college, and let us know what others think about these add-ons.
If you are techie, go ahead and contribute to the codebase hosted on github.
If you are localization expert please stay tuned to learn more about the opportunity to contribute in upcoming days. 

To know more about the Test Pilot project, Please check out the Wiki page here.
